= Strelka-NewRelic

home   :: http://deveiate.org/projects/strelka/newrelic.html
code   :: http://bitbucket.org/ged/strelka-newrelic
github :: http://github.com/ged/strelka-newrelic
docs   :: http://deveiate.org/code/strelka-newrelic/


== Description

Strelka-NewRelic is a Strelka plugin for monitoring a Strelka application with
NewRelic's application performance management service.


== Installation

    gem install strelka-newrelic


== Usage

Load the plugin in your application:

    class MyApp < Strelka::App
        plugin :newrelic
    end

Make a 'newrelic' section in your Strelka config, and (at a minimum) point
it to your newrelic.yml:

    newrelic:
      config_path: /path/to/newrelic.yml

You can also provide overrides by including items with the same keys as
the newrelic.yml file. The values in the strelka config will take precedence.


== License

Copyright © 2013, Michael Granger
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the author/s, nor the names of the project's
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



